!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	techlivezheng	/techlivezheng@gmail.com/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	phpctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	https://github.com/techlivezheng/phpctags	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	0.5.1	//
EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper($oMain){$/;"	m	line:2445	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper extends EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper{$/;"	c	line:2441	inherits:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper extends EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper{$/;"	c	line:2560	inherits:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper
EmmetBytesProfileCover712UpHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCover712UpHelper($oMain){$/;"	m	line:2562	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig($aModule) {$/;"	m	line:22	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverConfig extends BxDolConfig {$/;"	c	line:18	inherits:BxDolConfig
EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^	function EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb(&$oConfig) {$/;"	m	line:23	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb extends BxDolTwigModuleDb {	$/;"	c	line:21	inherits:BxDolTwigModuleDb
EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper(&$oMain){$/;"	m	line:41	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper{$/;"	c	line:37
EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper(&$oMain){$/;"	m	line:24	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper{$/;"	c	line:19
EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/installer.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller($aConfig) {$/;"	m	line:12	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/installer.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller extends BxDolInstaller {$/;"	c	line:10	inherits:BxDolInstaller
EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule(&$aModule) {$/;"	m	line:34	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule extends BxDolTwigModule {$/;"	c	line:30	inherits:BxDolTwigModule
EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain(&$oProfileCoverMain) {        $/;"	m	line:20	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain extends BxDolTwigPageMain {	$/;"	c	line:18	inherits:BxDolTwigPageMain
EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^    function EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest() {$/;"	m	line:15	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest extends BxDolRequest {$/;"	c	line:13	inherits:BxDolRequest
EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^	function EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate(&$oConfig, &$oDb) {$/;"	m	line:26	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^class EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate extends BxDolTwigTemplate {$/;"	c	line:21	inherits:BxDolTwigTemplate
SampleTest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/tests/SampleTest.php	/^class SampleTest extends PHPUnit_Framework_TestCase$/;"	c	line:3	inherits:PHPUnit_Framework_TestCase
_iPageIndex	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $this->_iPageIndex = 300;$/;"	v	line:28	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate
_iProfileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    var $_iProfileId, $oHelper;$/;"	p	line:31	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
_oMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^            $this->_oMain = BxDolModule::getInstance('EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule');$/;"	v	line:34	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
_sFieldAuthorId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sFieldAuthorId = 'profile_id';$/;"	v	line:28	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sFilterName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $this->_sFilterName = 'emmet_bytes_profile_cover_filter';$/;"	v	line:36	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule
_sPrefix	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sPrefix = 'eb_profile_cover';$/;"	v	line:26	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sPrefix	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $this->_sPrefix = 'emmet_bytes_profile_cover';$/;"	v	line:37	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule
_sTableId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableId = 'id';$/;"	v	line:27	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sTableMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableMain = '_main';$/;"	v	line:25	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sTableProfile	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableProfile = 'Profiles';$/;"	v	line:29	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sTableProfileColHeadline	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableProfileColHeadline = 'Headline';$/;"	v	line:31	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sTableProfileColId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableProfileColId = 'ID';$/;"	v	line:32	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
_sTableProfileFields	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $this->_sTableProfileFields = 'sys_profile_fields';$/;"	v	line:30	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb
a	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $a = $oMain->_aModule;$/;"	v	line:21	function:emmetbytes_profile_cover_import
a	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    $a = $aModuleOverwright ? $aModuleOverwright : $aModule;$/;"	v	line:18	function:emmetbytes_profile_cover_import
a	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^            $a = array ('ID' => $aData['ResponsibleID'], 'Avatar' => $aData['PrimPhoto']);$/;"	v	line:43	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
aArea	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $this->aArea = 2;$/;"	v	line:45	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
aAuthor	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $aAuthor = getProfileInfo($aprofileCover['ResponsibleID']);$/;"	v	line:72	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::blockInfo
aCommunicatorSettings	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aCommunicatorSettings = array($/;"	v	line:2185	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass
aCommunicatorSettings	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aCommunicatorSettings = array($/;"	v	line:2479	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass
aConfig	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/config.php	/^$aConfig = array($/;"	v	line:7
aFileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $aFileInfo = array ($/;"	v	line:2166	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::createAvatar
aFileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $aFileInfo = array ($/;"	v	line:2493	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::createAvatar
aImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^            $aImage = BxDolService::call('photos', 'get_image', array($a, 'browse'), 'Search');$/;"	v	line:44	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
aLangContent	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/langs/en.php	/^$aLangContent = array($/;"	v	line:9
aMenu	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $aMenu = array($/;"	v	line:124	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionAdministration
aModule	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    global $aModule;$/;"	v	line:17	function:emmetbytes_profile_cover_import
aParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aParams = array($friendId);$/;"	v	line:245	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeFriend
aParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aParams = array($friendId);$/;"	v	line:285	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::acceptFriendRequest
aPlus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aPlus = array($/;"	v	line:330	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::sendEmailNotification
aProfile	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aProfile = getProfileInfo($iId);$/;"	v	line:2518	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinDefaultProfilePhoto
aProfile	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aProfile = getProfileInfo($iId);$/;"	v	line:977	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getUserAvatarDatas
aRecipient	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aRecipient = getProfileInfo($emailNotificationParams['member_id']);$/;"	v	line:329	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::sendEmailNotification
aResult	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/installer.php	/^        $aResult = parent::install($aParams);$/;"	v	line:17	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller::install
aTemplate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aTemplate = $oEmailTemplate -> getTemplate($emailNotificationParams['template_name']);$/;"	v	line:328	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::sendEmailNotification
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:462	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRepositionForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:477	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRemoveForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = $this->getMemberAvatarFullInfo($profileId);$/;"	v	line:954	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatar
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1239	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getActivitiesEmptyContainers
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1265	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1297	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1306	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getCommonActivityContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1339	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getActivitiesCommonContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1754	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlineForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1833	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1897	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdateForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:1967	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:2037	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:2369	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:2461	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getProfileCover
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:352	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCover
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:369	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverTopContents
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:436	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getInsertBackgroundOptionsContents
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:448	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getUploadForm
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:631	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberOwnButtons
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:645	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendsOwnButtons
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:661	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getInvitedMemberButtons
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:677	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersWhoInviteMeButtons
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:694	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getOtherMemberButtons
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:709	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getSendMessageButton
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:758	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:780	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberInformations
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:881	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersHeadlineContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:889	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersLocationContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:898	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersBirthdateContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:907	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGenderContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array($/;"	v	line:915	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberRelationshipContainer
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $aVars = array();$/;"	v	line:1024	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^            $aVars = array ('extra_css_class' => 'emmet_bytes_profile_cover_unit');$/;"	v	line:37	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $aVars = array (            $/;"	v	line:48	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $aVars = array ($/;"	v	line:74	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::blockInfo
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $aVars = array ($/;"	v	line:90	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::blockDesc
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $aVars = array_merge ($aVars, $aData);$/;"	v	line:64	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
aVars	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^        $aVars = array ('BaseUri' => $oModule->_oConfig->getBaseUri());$/;"	v	line:23	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest::processAsAction
acceptFriendRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function acceptFriendRequest($friendId){$/;"	m	line:283	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
action	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $action = 'change_background';$/;"	v	line:524	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
action	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $action = 'repositioned_background';$/;"	v	line:531	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
action	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $action = $alertParams['action'];$/;"	v	line:2314	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::alert
action	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $action = $_POST['action'];$/;"	v	line:85	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionFriendRequest
actionAdministration	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionAdministration ($sUrl = '') {$/;"	m	line:115	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionAdministrationSettings	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionAdministrationSettings () {$/;"	m	line:148	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionFriendRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionFriendRequest(){$/;"	m	line:83	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetBirthdatePopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetBirthdatePopup(){$/;"	m	line:100	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetFriendPopupDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetFriendPopupDatas(){$/;"	m	line:158	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetGenderPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetGenderPopup(){$/;"	m	line:105	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetHeadlinePopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetHeadlinePopup(){$/;"	m	line:90	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetLocationPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetLocationPopup(){$/;"	m	line:95	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetOwnImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetOwnImage($path){$/;"	m	line:153	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions(){$/;"	m	line:68	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionGetRelationshipPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionGetRelationshipPopup(){$/;"	m	line:110	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionHome	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionHome () {$/;"	m	line:43	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionRemoveImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionRemoveImage(){$/;"	m	line:63	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionRepositionImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionRepositionImage(){$/;"	m	line:58	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionSubmitAvatarImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionSubmitAvatarImage(){$/;"	m	line:78	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionSubmitBackgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionSubmitBackgroundImage(){$/;"	m	line:53	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionSubmitTmpAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionSubmitTmpAvatar(){$/;"	m	line:73	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
actionSubmitTmpBackground	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function actionSubmitTmpBackground(){$/;"	m	line:48	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
activitiesContainerAddonClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $activitiesContainerAddonClass = 'ebytes_profile_cover_no_activities';$/;"	v	line:744	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
addFriend	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function addFriend($iMemberId){$/;"	m	line:255	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
adsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $adsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberAdsCount($profileId, $loginId);$/;"	v	line:1484	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
adsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $adsCount = ($adsCount['count'] > 0) ? $adsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1485	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
adsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $adsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1482	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
adsImageDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $adsImageDatas = $this->oDb->getMemberAdsPhotos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1475	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
adsImageDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $adsImageDatas = array();$/;"	v	line:1473	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
adsImages	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $adsImages = array();$/;"	v	line:2097	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsImage
adsModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $adsModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('ads');$/;"	v	line:1113	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
alert	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function alert($alertParams){$/;"	m	line:2312	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
alertParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $alertParams = array($/;"	v	line:261	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::addFriend
alertParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $alertParams = array($/;"	v	line:142	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
alertParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $alertParams = array($/;"	v	line:534	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
avatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $avatar = $GLOBALS['oFunctions']->getMemberAvatar($profileId);$/;"	v	line:303	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
backgroundFileSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->backgroundFileSize = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_background_size');$/;"	v	line:59	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
backgroundHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->backgroundHeight = 285;$/;"	v	line:58	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
backgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImage = $backgroundImageArray[0];$/;"	v	line:301	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
backgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImage = $profileCoverDatas['background_image'];$/;"	v	line:416	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
backgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImage = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'small_' . $profileCoverDatas['background_image'];$/;"	v	line:299	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
backgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $backgroundImage = '';$/;"	v	line:297	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
backgroundImageArray	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImageArray = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($backgroundImage);$/;"	v	line:300	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
backgroundImageCroppedPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImageCroppedPath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'crop_' . $backgroundImage;$/;"	v	line:419	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
backgroundImageCroppedUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImageCroppedUrl = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($backgroundImageCroppedPath);$/;"	v	line:420	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
backgroundImagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImagePath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . $backgroundImage;$/;"	v	line:417	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
backgroundImageUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $backgroundImageUrl = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($backgroundImagePath);$/;"	v	line:418	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
backgroundWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->backgroundWidth = $pageView->aPage['Width'];$/;"	v	line:57	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
birthdate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $birthdate = $_POST['birthdate'];$/;"	v	line:1850	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
birthdate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $birthdate = $profileInfo['DateOfBirth'];$/;"	v	line:778	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberInformations
blockDesc	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^    function blockDesc (&$aprofileCover) {$/;"	m	line:89	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
blockFields	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^    function blockFields (&$aprofileCover) {$/;"	m	line:96	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
blockInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^    function blockInfo (&$aprofileCover) {$/;"	m	line:70	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
blogPostsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $blogPostsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberBlogPostsCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1512	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
blogPostsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $blogPostsCount = ($blogPostsCount['count'] > 0) ? $blogPostsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1513	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
blogPostsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $blogPostsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1510	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
blogPostsImages	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $blogPostsImages = array();$/;"	v	line:2111	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogPostsImage
blogsModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $blogsModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('blogs');$/;"	v	line:1130	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
boonexVersion	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->boonexVersion = $GLOBALS['ebModuleBoonexVersion'] = (isset($GLOBALS['ebModuleBoonexVersion'] )) ? $GLOBALS['ebModuleBoonexVersion'] : $this->oDb->oParams->_aParams['sys_tmp_version']; $/;"	v	line:26	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper
boonexVersion	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    var $boonexVersion;$/;"	p	line:20	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper	access:public
buttons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttons =  $this->createMemberButton($aVars);$/;"	v	line:653	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendsOwnButtons
buttons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttons =  $this->createMemberButton($aVars);$/;"	v	line:669	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getInvitedMemberButtons
buttons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttons =  $this->createMemberButton($aVars);$/;"	v	line:685	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersWhoInviteMeButtons
buttons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttons =  $this->oTemplate->parseHTMLByName('ebytes_profile_cover_member_button_container', $aVars);$/;"	v	line:702	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getOtherMemberButtons
buttonsLang	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttonsLang = $this->getMemberButtonsLangs();$/;"	v	line:644	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendsOwnButtons
buttonsLang	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttonsLang = $this->getMemberButtonsLangs();$/;"	v	line:660	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getInvitedMemberButtons
buttonsLang	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $buttonsLang = $this->getMemberButtonsLangs();$/;"	v	line:676	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMembersWhoInviteMeButtons
cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas($datas){$/;"	m	line:547	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
catId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/upgrade_text_files/100to110_upgrade.php	/^    $catId = $catId['ID'];$/;"	v	line:11
catId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/upgrade_text_files/100to110_upgrade.php	/^    $catId = $oDb->getRow("SELECT `ID` FROM `sys_options_cats` WHERE `name` = 'ProfileCover'");$/;"	v	line:10
checkAvatarImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function checkAvatarImage($formParams){$/;"	m	line:190	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
checkBackgroundFilters	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $checkBackgroundFilters = $this->checkAvatarImage($formParams);$/;"	v	line:166	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
checkBackgroundFilters	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $checkBackgroundFilters = $this->checkBackgroundImage($formParams);$/;"	v	line:77	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
checkBackgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function checkBackgroundImage($formParams){$/;"	m	line:100	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
checkMemberConnection	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function checkMemberConnection($memberId1, $memberId2){$/;"	m	line:395	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
checkMemberConnection	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $checkMemberConnection = $this->oDb->checkMemberConnection($memberId1, $memberId2);$/;"	v	line:2427	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::isPendingFriendRequest
city	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $city = $_POST['city'];$/;"	v	line:1770	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
class	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $class = 'ebytes_profile_cover_common_activities_multi_image';$/;"	v	line:1322	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getActivitiesCommonContainer
class	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $class = '';$/;"	v	line:213	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::friendRequest
class	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $class = (isset($datas['class']) && !empty($datas['class'])) ? $datas['class'] : $class;$/;"	v	line:1338	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getActivitiesCommonContainer
commonAlertDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function commonAlertDatas($alertMethod){$/;"	m	line:2384	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass(){$/;"	m	line:2182	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass(){$/;"	m	line:2476	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
compressionLevel	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->compressionLevel = (int)getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_profile_cover_background_compr_level');$/;"	v	line:490	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
compressionLevel	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->compressionLevel = (int)getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_profile_cover_background_compr_level');$/;"	v	line:73	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
compressionLevel	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->compressionLevel = 75;$/;"	v	line:54	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $content = $this->getMemberGenderContainer($gender);$/;"	v	line:1923	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $content = $this->getMemberRelationshipContainer($relationshipStatus);$/;"	v	line:1992	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $content = $this->getMembersBirthdateContainer($birthdate);$/;"	v	line:1859	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $content = $this->getMembersHeadlineContainer($headline);$/;"	v	line:1716	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $content = $this->getMembersLocationContainer($locationDatas);$/;"	v	line:1794	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $content = '';$/;"	v	line:1700	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $content = '';$/;"	v	line:1766	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $content = '';$/;"	v	line:1845	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $content = '';$/;"	v	line:1909	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $content = '';$/;"	v	line:1979	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $content = array( 'content' => '');$/;"	v	line:460	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRepositionForm
content	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $content = array( 'content' => '');$/;"	v	line:475	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRemoveForm
contents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $contents = '';$/;"	v	line:2065	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::generateFormErrorContents
countries	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $countries = array('' => _t('_Country'));$/;"	v	line:1830	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationForm
countries	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $countries = array_merge($countries, $this->oPF->convertValues4Input('#!Country'));$/;"	v	line:1831	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationForm
countriesSelection	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $countriesSelection = $this->generateSelectContainer($countries, 'country', 'ebytes_profile_cover_country_select');$/;"	v	line:1832	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationForm
country	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $country = $_POST['country'];$/;"	v	line:1769	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
createAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $createAvatar = BxDolService::call('avatar', 'make_avatar_from_image', array($img));$/;"	v	line:2162	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::createAvatar
createAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $createAvatar = BxDolService::call('avatar', 'make_avatar_from_image', array($img));$/;"	v	line:2489	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::createAvatar
createAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function createAvatar($img, $profileId, $imageName){$/;"	m	line:2161	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
createAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function createAvatar($img, $profileId, $imageName){$/;"	m	line:2488	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
createMemberButton	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function createMemberButton($aVars){$/;"	m	line:719	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
cropImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function cropImage($imageParams){$/;"	m	line:2241	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
croppedImagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $croppedImagePath = $profileCoverImgDatas['bg_image_cropped_path'];$/;"	v	line:136	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
dProfileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $dProfileCoverDatas = array($/;"	v	line:401	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
data	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $data = array($/;"	v	line:1726	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
data	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $data = array($/;"	v	line:1802	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
data	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $data = array($/;"	v	line:1869	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
data	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $data = array($/;"	v	line:1933	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
data	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $data = array($/;"	v	line:2002	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
displayActivitiesContainerCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayActivitiesContainerCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1025	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayAdsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayAdsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_ads');$/;"	v	line:1115	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayBlogsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayBlogsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_blog_posts');$/;"	v	line:1132	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayContainerCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayContainerCount = $memberActivities['displayed_activities_container_count'];$/;"	v	line:740	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
displayEventContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayEventContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_events');$/;"	v	line:1183	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayFilesFolderContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayFilesFolderContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_file_folders');$/;"	v	line:1098	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayFriendsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayFriendsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_friends');$/;"	v	line:1029	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayGroupsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayGroupsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_groups');$/;"	v	line:1217	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayPhotoAlbumsConainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayPhotoAlbumsConainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_photo_albums');$/;"	v	line:1047	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayPollsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayPollsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_polls');$/;"	v	line:1149	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displaySiteContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displaySiteContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_dipslay_websites');$/;"	v	line:1166	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displaySoundAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displaySoundAlbumsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_sounds_albums');$/;"	v	line:1081	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayStoreContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayStoreContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_store_products');$/;"	v	line:1200	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
displayVideoAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $displayVideoAlbumsContainer = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_display_video_albums');$/;"	v	line:1064	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
ebProfilePhotoDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ebProfilePhotoDir = $this->getDolphinProfilePhotoDir($ebProfilePhotoUrl, 'eb');$/;"	v	line:2520	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinDefaultProfilePhoto
ebProfilePhotoUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ebProfilePhotoUrl = BxDolService::call('photos', 'profile_photo', array($aProfile['ID'], 'eb'), 'Search');$/;"	v	line:2519	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinDefaultProfilePhoto
emailNotificationParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $emailNotificationParams = array($/;"	v	line:268	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::addFriend
emmetbytes_profile_cover_import	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^function emmetbytes_profile_cover_import ($sClassPostfix, $aModuleOverwright = array()) {$/;"	f	line:16
entryId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $entryId = $profileData['id']; $/;"	v	line:525	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
entryId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $entryId = $alertParams['entry_id'];$/;"	v	line:2315	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::alert
error_container	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $error_container = $this->generateFormErrorContents($errors);$/;"	v	line:1725	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
error_container	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $error_container = $this->generateFormErrorContents($errors);$/;"	v	line:1801	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
error_container	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $error_container = $this->generateFormErrorContents($errors);$/;"	v	line:1868	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
error_container	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $error_container = $this->generateFormErrorContents($errors);$/;"	v	line:1932	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
error_container	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $error_container = $this->generateFormErrorContents($errors);$/;"	v	line:2001	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
errors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $errors = $hasErrors = false;$/;"	v	line:1765	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
errors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $errors = false;$/;"	v	line:1699	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
errors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $errors = false;$/;"	v	line:1844	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
errors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $errors = false;$/;"	v	line:1908	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
errors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $errors = false;$/;"	v	line:1978	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
eventCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $eventCount = $this->oDb->getMemberEventCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1602	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
eventCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $eventCount = ($eventCount['count'] > 0) ? $eventCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1603	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
eventCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $eventCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1599	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
eventPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^       $eventPhotos = array(); $/;"	v	line:2130	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventPhotos
eventsModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $eventsModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('events');$/;"	v	line:1181	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
execFunction	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $execFunction = $oCommunicator->execFunction( $/;"	v	line:246	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeFriend
execFunction	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $execFunction = $oCommunicator->execFunction( $/;"	v	line:286	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::acceptFriendRequest
ext	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ext = $ext[sizeof($ext) - 1];$/;"	v	line:164	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
ext	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ext = $ext[sizeof($ext) - 1];$/;"	v	line:75	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
ext	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ext = explode('.', $formParams['avatar_image']['name']);$/;"	v	line:163	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
ext	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $ext = explode('.', $formParams['background_image']['name']);$/;"	v	line:74	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
fileAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $fileAlbumsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberFileAlbumCount($profileId, 'bx_files');$/;"	v	line:1452	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
fileAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $fileAlbumsCount = ($fileAlbumsCount['count'] > 0) ? $fileAlbumsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1453	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
fileAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $fileAlbumsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1450	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
fileSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $fileSize = $formParams['avatar_image']['size'];$/;"	v	line:192	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::checkAvatarImage
fileSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $fileSize = $formParams['background_image']['size'];$/;"	v	line:102	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::checkBackgroundImage
filesModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $filesModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('files');$/;"	v	line:1096	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
filterDate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^    function filterDate ($i) {$/;"	m	line:115	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1706	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1710	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1781	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1851	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1915	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
formData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $formData = array($/;"	v	line:1985	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
friendAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $friendAvatar = $GLOBALS['oFunctions']->getMemberAvatar($profileId, 'medium');$/;"	v	line:1296	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendContainer
friendId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $friendId = $_POST['profile_id'];$/;"	v	line:84	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionFriendRequest
friendRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function friendRequest($friendId, $action){$/;"	m	line:211	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
friendsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $friendsContainer = $this->getFriendsAvatarContainer($memberFriends);$/;"	v	line:1263	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
friendsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $friendsContainer = '';$/;"	v	line:1282	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendsAvatarContainer
gender	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $gender = $_POST['gender'];$/;"	v	line:1912	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
genderSelection	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $genderSelection = $this->generateSelectContainer($genders, 'gender', 'ebytes_profile_cover_gender_select');$/;"	v	line:1965	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderForm
genders	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $genders = array($/;"	v	line:1960	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderForm
generateFormErrorContents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function generateFormErrorContents($errors = array()){$/;"	m	line:2064	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
generateSelectContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function generateSelectContainer($datas, $name, $class=''){$/;"	m	line:2054	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getActivitiesCommonContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getActivitiesCommonContainer($datas){$/;"	m	line:1319	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getActivitiesEmptyContainers	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getActivitiesEmptyContainers(){$/;"	m	line:1238	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getAdsFilesPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getAdsFilesPath(){$/;"	m	line:2091	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getAdsLink	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getAdsLink($profileId){$/;"	m	line:1500	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getAdsLink	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getAdsLink($profileId){$/;"	m	line:2566	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper	access:protected
getAlertLanguages	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getAlertLanguages($type){$/;"	m	line:2323	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getBirthdateForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getBirthdateForm(){$/;"	m	line:1895	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getBirthdatePopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getBirthdatePopup(){$/;"	m	line:1842	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getBlogLink	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getBlogLink($profileId){$/;"	m	line:1529	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getBlogLink	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getBlogLink($profileId){$/;"	m	line:2574	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper	access:protected
getCommonActivityContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getCommonActivityContainer($aVars){$/;"	m	line:1305	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getCoverDataByProfileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getCoverDataByProfileId($profileId){$/;"	m	line:37	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getDolphinDefaultAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getDolphinDefaultAvatar($iId, $sType='emmetbytes', $aProfile){$/;"	m	line:1001	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getDolphinDefaultProfilePhoto	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getDolphinDefaultProfilePhoto($iId, $sType){$/;"	m	line:2517	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
getDolphinProfilePhotoDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getDolphinProfilePhotoDir($profilePhotoUrl, $sType = 'eb'){$/;"	m	line:2541	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
getEmmetBytesMemberThumbnail	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getEmmetBytesMemberThumbnail($iId, $sType='emmetbytes', $aProfile){$/;"	m	line:989	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getFriendContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getFriendContainer($memberInfo){$/;"	m	line:1294	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getFriendPopupDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getFriendPopupDatas($profileId){$/;"	m	line:294	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getFriendsAvatarContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getFriendsAvatarContainer($memberFriends){$/;"	m	line:1281	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getFriendsOwnButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getFriendsOwnButtons($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:643	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getGenderForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getGenderForm(){$/;"	m	line:1959	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getGenderPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getGenderPopup(){$/;"	m	line:1906	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getHeadlineForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getHeadlineForm(){$/;"	m	line:1753	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getHeadlinePopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getHeadlinePopup(){$/;"	m	line:1697	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getHelper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function getHelper(){$/;"	m	line:196	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
getImageResource	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getImageResource($imagePath){$/;"	m	line:2288	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getInsertBackgroundOptionsContents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getInsertBackgroundOptionsContents($profileCoverDatas){$/;"	m	line:435	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getInvitedMemberButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getInvitedMemberButtons($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:659	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getLocationForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getLocationForm(){$/;"	m	line:1828	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getLocationPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getLocationPopup(){$/;"	m	line:1763	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getMemberActivities	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberActivities($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:1023	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberAdsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberAdsCount($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:221	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberAdsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberAdsDatas($profileId, $loginId, $adsModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1471	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberAdsImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberAdsImage($adsImageDatas){$/;"	m	line:2096	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberAdsPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberAdsPhotos($profileId){$/;"	m	line:203	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberAvatar($profileId){$/;"	m	line:953	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberAvatarFullInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberAvatarFullInfo($profileId){$/;"	m	line:959	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberBlogDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberBlogDatas($profileId, $blogsModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1509	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberBlogPostsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberBlogPostsCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:254	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberBlogPostsImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberBlogPostsImage($blogPostsImageDatas){$/;"	m	line:2110	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberButtons($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:613	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberButtonsLangs	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberButtonsLangs(){$/;"	m	line:724	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberEventCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberEventCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:326	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberEventDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberEventDatas($profileId, $eventsModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1596	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberEventPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberEventPhotos($profileId, $limit = 1){$/;"	m	line:309	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberEventPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberEventPhotos($photos){$/;"	m	line:2129	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberFileAlbumCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberFileAlbumCount($profileId, $fileType){$/;"	m	line:183	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberFileFoldersDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberFileFoldersDatas($profileId, $filesModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1448	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberFriends	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberFriends($profileId){$/;"	m	line:1257	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberGenderContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberGenderContainer($gender){$/;"	m	line:906	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberGroupPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberGroupPhotos($profileId, $limit = 1){$/;"	m	line:369	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberGroupPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberGroupPhotos($photos){$/;"	m	line:2149	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberGroupsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberGroupsCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:384	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberGroupsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberGroupsDatas($profileId, $groupsModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1662	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberInformations	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberInformations($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:771	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberName($profileId){$/;"	m	line:2407	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberOwnButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberOwnButtons($loginId){$/;"	m	line:630	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas($profileId, $exist){$/;"	m	line:1350	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberPhotos($profileId, $limit=1){$/;"	m	line:157	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberPollDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberPollDatas($profileId, $pollModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1538	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberRelationshipContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberRelationshipContainer($relationship){$/;"	m	line:914	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberSiteDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberSiteDatas($profileId, $siteModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1565	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas($profileId, $soundsModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1425	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberStoreDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberStoreDatas($profileId, $storeModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1628	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberStorePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberStorePhotos($profileId, $limit = 1){$/;"	m	line:338	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberStorePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberStorePhotos($photos){$/;"	m	line:2139	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberStoreProductsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberStoreProductsCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:355	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberUsername	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberUsername($profileId){$/;"	m	line:2435	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberUsername	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberUsername($profileId){$/;"	m	line:2555	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
getMemberVideo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberVideo($id){$/;"	m	line:2086	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas($profileId, $videoModuleExist){$/;"	m	line:1393	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMemberVideos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberVideos($profileId, $limit=1){$/;"	m	line:170	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberWebsitePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMemberWebsitePhotos($profileId, $limit = 1){$/;"	m	line:280	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMemberWebsitePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMemberWebsitePhotos($photos){$/;"	m	line:2119	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMembersBirthdateContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMembersBirthdateContainer($birthdate){$/;"	m	line:897	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMembersBlogPostsFilePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMembersBlogPostsFilePath(){$/;"	m	line:2105	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMembersBlogsPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getMembersBlogsPhotos($profileId, $limit = 1){$/;"	m	line:238	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getMembersHeadlineContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMembersHeadlineContainer($headline){$/;"	m	line:880	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMembersLocationContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMembersLocationContainer($locationData){$/;"	m	line:888	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getMembersWhoInviteMeButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getMembersWhoInviteMeButtons($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:675	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getOtherMemberButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getOtherMemberButtons($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:692	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getOwnImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getOwnImage($defaultImage){$/;"	m	line:2203	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getPollsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getPollsCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:266	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getProfileCover	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getProfileCover(){$/;"	m	line:2450	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:public
getProfileCover	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getProfileCover(){$/;"	m	line:341	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions(){$/;"	m	line:154	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getProfileCoverBottomContents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getProfileCoverBottomContents($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:736	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getProfileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getProfileCoverDatas($profileId){$/;"	m	line:399	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getProfileCoverOwnImages	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getProfileCoverOwnImages($imagePath){$/;"	m	line:2197	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getProfileCoverTopContents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getProfileCoverTopContents($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:367	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getRelationshipForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getRelationshipForm(){$/;"	m	line:2028	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getRelationshipPopup	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getRelationshipPopup(){$/;"	m	line:1976	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getRelationshipStatus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getRelationshipStatus(){$/;"	m	line:145	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
getRemoveForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getRemoveForm($profileCoverDatas){$/;"	m	line:474	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getRepositionForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getRepositionForm($profileCoverDatas){$/;"	m	line:459	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getSendMessageButton	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getSendMessageButton($profileId){$/;"	m	line:708	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getSpyData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getSpyData(){$/;"	m	line:2335	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getSpyPost	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getSpyPost($sAction, $iObjectId, $iSenderId, $aExtraParams){$/;"	m	line:2340	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getThumbnailEmptySexPic	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getThumbnailEmptySexPic($aProfile){$/;"	m	line:1013	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getUploadForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getUploadForm(){$/;"	m	line:447	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getUserAvatarDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getUserAvatarDatas($iId, $sType = 'emmetbytes'){$/;"	m	line:2507	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:protected
getUserAvatarDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getUserAvatarDatas($iId, $sType = 'emmetbytes'){$/;"	m	line:976	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getVideoFilesPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getVideoFilesPath(){$/;"	m	line:2076	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getVideoFilesUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function getVideoFilesUrl(){$/;"	m	line:2081	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
getWallData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getWallData(){$/;"	m	line:2346	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getWallPost	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function getWallPost($aEvent){$/;"	m	line:2351	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
getWebsiteCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function getWebsiteCount($profileId){$/;"	m	line:297	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
groupsModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $groupsModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('groups');$/;"	v	line:1215	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasAdsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasAdsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1118	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasAdsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasAdsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1116	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasBirthDate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function hasBirthDate($profileInfo){$/;"	m	line:937	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
hasBlogContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasBlogContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1135	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasBlogContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasBlogContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1133	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasError	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasError = $checkBackgroundFilters['has_error'];$/;"	v	line:167	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
hasError	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasError = $checkBackgroundFilters['has_error'];$/;"	v	line:78	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
hasErrors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $hasErrors = true;$/;"	v	line:1773	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
hasErrors	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $hasErrors = true;$/;"	v	line:1777	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
hasEventContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasEventContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1186	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasEventContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasEventContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1184	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasFilesContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasFilesContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1101	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasFilesContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasFilesContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1099	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasFriendsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasFriendsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1033	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasFriendsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasFriendsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1031	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasGender	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function hasGender($profileInfo){$/;"	m	line:942	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
hasGroupsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasGroupsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1220	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasGroupsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasGroupsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1218	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasHeadline	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function hasHeadline($profileInfo){$/;"	m	line:927	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
hasLocation	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function hasLocation($profileInfo){$/;"	m	line:932	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
hasPhotoAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasPhotoAlbumsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1050	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasPhotoAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasPhotoAlbumsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1048	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasPollsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasPollsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1152	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasPollsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasPollsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1150	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasRelationshipStatus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function hasRelationshipStatus($profileInfo){$/;"	m	line:947	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
hasSiteContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasSiteContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1169	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasSiteContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasSiteContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1167	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasSoundsAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasSoundsAlbumsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1084	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasSoundsAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasSoundsAlbumsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1082	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasStoreContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasStoreContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1203	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasStoreContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasStoreContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1201	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasTimestamp	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^            $hasTimestamp = "AND UNIX_TIMESTAMP() - `bx_ads_main`.`LifeTime`*24*60*60 < `bx_ads_main`.`DateTime`";$/;"	v	line:224	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::getMemberAdsCount
hasTimestamp	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^        $hasTimestamp = '';$/;"	v	line:222	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb::getMemberAdsCount
hasVideAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $hasVideAlbumsContainer = false;$/;"	v	line:1067	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
hasVideAlbumsContainer	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hasVideAlbumsContainer = true;$/;"	v	line:1065	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
headline	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $headline = $_POST['headline'];$/;"	v	line:1705	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
heightRatio	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $heightRatio = $defaultHeight / $imageSrcHeight;$/;"	v	line:2227	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
helper	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^            $helper = new EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper($this); $/;"	v	line:199	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::getHelper
helperObject	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $this->helperObject = new EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper($oMain);$/;"	v	line:28	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper
helperObject	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    var $helperObject;$/;"	p	line:21	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper	access:public
hideEmptyContainers	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $hideEmptyContainers = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_hide_empty_containers');$/;"	v	line:1026	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
htmlSelect	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $htmlSelect = '<select name="' . $name . '" class="'. $class . '">';$/;"	v	line:2055	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::generateSelectContainer
iId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $iId = $photoModule->_oDb->getIdByHash($sKey);$/;"	v	line:2548	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
image	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $image = base64_decode($defaultImage);$/;"	v	line:2204	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getOwnImage
imageContents	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageContents = '';$/;"	v	line:1320	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getActivitiesCommonContainer
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1380	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1412	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1435	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1458	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1487	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1517	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1552	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1583	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1615	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1648	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
imageData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageData = array($/;"	v	line:1682	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
imageHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imageHeight = $imageSrcHeight * $widthRatio;$/;"	v	line:2230	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
imageHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageHeight = $imageParams['image_height'];$/;"	v	line:2265	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
imageInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageInfo = getimagesize($image);$/;"	v	line:2205	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getOwnImage
imageInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageInfo = getimagesize($imagePath);        $/;"	v	line:2212	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
imageName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageName = $datas['image_name'];$/;"	v	line:492	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
imageName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageName = $formData['image_name'];$/;"	v	line:568	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
imageName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageName = $imageParams['image_name'];$/;"	v	line:2261	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
imageName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageName = $this->loggedId . '_' . time() . '.' . $ext;$/;"	v	line:76	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
imageName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageName = 'avatar_' . $this->loggedId . '_' . time() . '.' . $ext;$/;"	v	line:165	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
imageParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageParams = array($/;"	v	line:504	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
imageParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageParams = array($/;"	v	line:580	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($profileCoverImgDir);$/;"	v	line:177	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($profileCoverImgDir);$/;"	v	line:85	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getMemberAdsImage($adsImageDatas);$/;"	v	line:1478	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getMemberEventPhotos($memberEventPhotos);$/;"	v	line:1611	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getMemberGroupPhotos($memberGroupPhotos);$/;"	v	line:1672	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getMemberStorePhotos($memberStorePhotos);$/;"	v	line:1644	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getMemberWebsitePhotos($memberSitePhotos);$/;"	v	line:1579	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages($imagePath);$/;"	v	line:596	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $imageParams['image_path'];$/;"	v	line:2262	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->cropImage($imageParams); $/;"	v	line:511	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->cropImage($imageParams);$/;"	v	line:587	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages(BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/default_blog_icon.jpg');$/;"	v	line:1515	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages(BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/default_file_icon.jpg');$/;"	v	line:1449	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages(BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/default_poll_icon.jpg');$/;"	v	line:1546	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages(BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/default_sound_icon.jpg');$/;"	v	line:1426	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . $datas['image_name'];$/;"	v	line:548	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas
imagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imagePath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'crop_' . $imgName;$/;"	v	line:2249	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
imageResize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function imageResize($imagePath, $defaultWidth, $defaultHeight){$/;"	m	line:2211	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
imageRsrc	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageRsrc = $this->getImageResource($tmpImagePath);$/;"	v	line:2251	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
imageSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageSize = getimagesize($imagePath);$/;"	v	line:2289	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getImageResource
imageSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageSize = getimagesize($tmpImagePath);$/;"	v	line:2250	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
imageSrcHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageSrcHeight = $imageInfo[1];$/;"	v	line:2225	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
imageSrcWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageSrcWidth = $imageInfo[0];$/;"	v	line:2224	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
imageUrlPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageUrlPath = base64_encode($imagePath);$/;"	v	line:2198	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverOwnImages
imageWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $imageWidth = $defaultWidth;$/;"	v	line:2229	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
imageWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imageWidth = $imageParams['image_width'];$/;"	v	line:2264	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
images	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $images = $this->getProfileCoverOwnImages(BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/default_photo_icon.jpg');$/;"	v	line:1375	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
images	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $images = array();$/;"	v	line:1359	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
images	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $images = array();$/;"	v	line:1401	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
imgHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imgHeight = $imageParams['image_height'];$/;"	v	line:2245	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
imgName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imgName = $imageParams['image_name'];$/;"	v	line:2243	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
imgPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $imgPath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'orig_' . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:2165	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::createAvatar
imgPath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $imgPath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'orig_' . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:2492	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::createAvatar
imgRsrc	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imgRsrc = $this->getImageResource($imagePath);$/;"	v	line:2268	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
imgWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $imgWidth = $imageParams['image_width'];$/;"	v	line:2244	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
insertAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function insertAvatar($formData){$/;"	m	line:566	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
insertAvatarInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function insertAvatarInfo($params){$/;"	m	line:98	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
insertBackgroundInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function insertBackgroundInfo($params){$/;"	m	line:56	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
install	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/installer.php	/^    function install($aParams) {$/;"	m	line:16	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller	access:public
isFriend	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function isFriend($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:131	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
isFriend	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function isFriend($profileId, $loginId){$/;"	m	line:2415	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
isFriends	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $isFriends = is_friends($profileId, $loginId);$/;"	v	line:2416	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::isFriend
isOwner	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function isOwner($loginId, $profileId){$/;"	m	line:922	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
isPendingFriendRequest	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function isPendingFriendRequest($memberId1, $memberId2){$/;"	m	line:2426	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
lang	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $lang = $this->getAlertLanguages('spy');$/;"	v	line:2341	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getSpyPost
languages	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $languages = $this->getAlertLanguages('wall');$/;"	v	line:2352	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
leftMargin	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $leftMargin = ($this->thumbnailWidth - $iw) / 2;$/;"	v	line:964	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatarFullInfo
limitParam	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $limitParam = "LIMIT 0, 6";$/;"	v	line:1259	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'ads/member_ads/' . $profileId;$/;"	v	line:2569	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper::getAdsLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'blogs/member_posts/' . $profileId;$/;"	v	line:2577	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper::getBlogLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/events/browse/my';$/;"	v	line:1608	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/files/albums/my/main/';$/;"	v	line:1457	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/groups/browse/my';$/;"	v	line:1677	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/photos/albums/my/main/';$/;"	v	line:1379	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/poll/&action=my';$/;"	v	line:1541	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/sites/browse/my';$/;"	v	line:1577	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/sounds/albums/my/main/';$/;"	v	line:1434	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/store/browse/my';$/;"	v	line:1631	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/videos/albums/my/main/';$/;"	v	line:1411	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'modules/boonex/ads/classifieds.php?UsersOtherListing=1&IDProfile=' . $profileId;$/;"	v	line:1503	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getAdsLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'modules/boonex/blogs/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=' . $profileId;$/;"	v	line:1532	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBlogLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = $this->getAdsLink($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1472	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAdsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = $this->getBlogLink($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1516	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberBlogDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = '';$/;"	v	line:1539	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = '';$/;"	v	line:1566	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = '';$/;"	v	line:1597	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = '';$/;"	v	line:1629	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = '';$/;"	v	line:1663	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'ads/my_page';$/;"	v	line:1501	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getAdsLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'ads/my_page';$/;"	v	line:2567	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper::getAdsLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'blogs/my_page/';$/;"	v	line:1530	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBlogLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'blogs/my_page/';$/;"	v	line:2575	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover711UpHelper::getBlogLink
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/events/browse/user/' . $profileInfo['NickName'];$/;"	v	line:1606	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/files/albums/browse/owner/' . $this->getMemberUserName($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1455	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFileFoldersDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/photos/albums/browse/owner/' . $this->getMemberUserName($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1377	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/sites/browse/user/' . $profileInfo['NickName'];$/;"	v	line:1575	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/sounds/albums/browse/owner/' . $this->getMemberUserName($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1432	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
link	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $link = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'm/videos/albums/browse/owner/' . $this->getMemberUserName($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1409	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
locationDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                        $locationDatas = array($/;"	v	line:1790	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
locationDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $locationDatas = array($/;"	v	line:774	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberInformations
logged	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        global $logged;$/;"	v	line:42	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:1702	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:1768	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:1847	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:1911	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:1981	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:2184	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:2478	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:256	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::addFriend
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:495	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loggedId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:571	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->loggedId = getLoggedId();$/;"	v	line:51	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    var $loggedId;$/;"	p	line:2442	class:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper	access:public
loggedId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    var $loggedId;$/;"	p	line:38	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
loginId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loginId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:2456	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getProfileCover
loginId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $loginId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:347	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCover
mainContainerAddonClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $mainContainerAddonClass = 'ebytes_profile_cover_empty_activities';$/;"	v	line:742	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
mainContainerAddonClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $mainContainerAddonClass = $toggleContainerAddonClass = $activitiesContainerAddonClass = '';$/;"	v	line:739	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
memberActivities	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberActivities = $this->getMemberActivities($profileId, $loginId);$/;"	v	line:738	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
memberAdsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberAdsDatas = $this->getMemberAdsDatas($profileId, $loginId, $adsModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1114	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberAvatar = $memberAvatarDatas['member_avatar_url'];$/;"	v	line:961	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatarFullInfo
memberAvatarDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberAvatarDatas = $this->getUserAvatarDatas($profileId);$/;"	v	line:960	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatarFullInfo
memberAvatarDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberAvatarDir = $memberAvatarDatas['member_avatar_dir'];$/;"	v	line:962	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatarFullInfo
memberBlogDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberBlogDatas = $this->getMemberBlogDatas($profileId, $blogsModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1131	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberButtons = $this->getMemberButtonsLangs();$/;"	v	line:212	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::friendRequest
memberButtons	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberButtons = $this->getMemberButtonsLangs();$/;"	v	line:693	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getOtherMemberButtons
memberEventDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberEventDatas = $this->getMemberEventDatas($profileId, $eventsModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1182	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberEventPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberEventPhotos = $this->oDb->getMemberEventPhotos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1601	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
memberEventPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberEventPhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:1598	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
memberFileDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberFileDatas = $this->getMemberFileFoldersDatas($profileId, $filesModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1097	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberFriends	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberFriends = getMyFriendsEx($profileId, $whereParam, $sortParam, $limitParam);$/;"	v	line:1261	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
memberFriendsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberFriendsCount = getFriendNumber($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1260	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
memberFriendsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberFriendsDatas = $this->getMemberFriends($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1030	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberGroupPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberGroupPhotos = $this->oDb->getMemberGroupPhotos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1669	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
memberGroupPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberGroupPhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:1665	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
memberGroupPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberGroupPhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:2150	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupPhotos
memberGroupsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberGroupsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberGroupsCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1667	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
memberGroupsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberGroupsCount = ($memberGroupsCount['count'] > 0) ? $memberGroupsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1668	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
memberGroupsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberGroupsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1664	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberGroupsDatas
memberGroupsDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberGroupsDatas = $this->getMemberGroupsDatas($profileId, $groupsModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1216	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberInformations	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberInformations = $this->getMemberInformations($profileId, $loginId);$/;"	v	line:737	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
memberIsInvited	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function memberIsInvited($loggedId, $profileId){$/;"	m	line:2421	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
memberPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberPhotos = $this->oDb->getMemberPhotos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1355	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
memberPhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberPhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:1352	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
memberPhotosDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberPhotosDatas = $this->getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas($profileId, $photoModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1046	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberPollDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberPollDatas = $this->getMemberPollDatas($profileId, $pollModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1148	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberSiteDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberSiteDatas = $this->getMemberSiteDatas($profileId, $siteModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1165	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberSitePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberSitePhotos = $this->oDb->getMemberWebsitePhotos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1570	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
memberSitePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberSitePhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:1567	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
memberSoundDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberSoundDatas = $this->getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas($profileId, $soundsModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1080	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberStoreDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberStoreDatas = $this->getMemberStoreDatas($profileId, $storeModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1199	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberStorePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberStorePhotos = $this->oDb->getMemberStorePhotos($profileId, 2); $/;"	v	line:1639	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
memberStorePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberStorePhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:1636	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
memberThumbnailDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        if(($memberThumbnailDatas = $this->getEmmetBytesMemberThumbnail($iId, $sType, $aProfile))){$/;"	v	line:981	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getUserAvatarDatas
memberVideoDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberVideoDatas = $this->getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas($profileId, $videoModuleExist);$/;"	v	line:1063	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
memberVideos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $memberVideos = $this->oDb->getMemberVideos($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1397	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
memberVideos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $memberVideos = array();$/;"	v	line:1394	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
menuIconUpdated	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/profile_cover_icon_update.php	/^    $menuIconUpdated = $oDb->getAffectedRows();$/;"	v	line:17
moduleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function moduleExist($sUri){$/;"	m	line:1250	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
newImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $newImage = imagecreatetruecolor($imageWidth, $imageHeight);$/;"	v	line:2235	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize
newImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $newImage = imagecreatetruecolor($imgWidth, $imgHeight);$/;"	v	line:2252	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
newImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $newImage = imagecreatetruecolor($rImageWidth, $rImageHeight);$/;"	v	line:2269	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
newImagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $newImagePath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'small_' . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:2263	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
nickName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $nickName = getNickName($profileId);$/;"	v	line:295	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
oAlert	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $oAlert = new BxDolAlerts($this->oMain->_sPrefix, $action, $entryId, $profileId, array('status' => $status)); $/;"	v	line:2318	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::alert
oCommunicator	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $oCommunicator = $this->commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass();$/;"	v	line:244	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeFriend
oCommunicator	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $oCommunicator = $this->commonFriendRequestCommunicatorClass();$/;"	v	line:284	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::acceptFriendRequest
oConfig	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oConfig = $oMain->_oConfig;$/;"	v	line:64	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oDb = $oMain->_oDb;$/;"	v	line:25	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper
oDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oDb = $oMain->_oDb;$/;"	v	line:62	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/profile_cover_icon_update.php	/^    $oDb = new BxDolDb();$/;"	v	line:8
oDb	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/upgrade_text_files/100to110_upgrade.php	/^    $oDb = new BxDolDb();$/;"	v	line:8
oEmailTemplate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $oEmailTemplate = new BxDolEmailTemplates();$/;"	v	line:327	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::sendEmailNotification
oForm	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $oForm = new EmmetBytesProfileCoverFormAdd ($GLOBALS['oEmmetBytesProfileCoverModule'], $this->_iProfileId);$/;"	v	line:99	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::blockFields
oMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oMain = $oMain;$/;"	v	line:61	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oMain	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $oMain = BxDolModule::getInstance('EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule');$/;"	v	line:20	function:emmetbytes_profile_cover_import
oModule	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^        $oModule = BxDolRequest::_require($aModule, $sClassRequire);$/;"	v	line:22	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest::processAsAction
oPC	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oPC = new BxDolProfilesController();$/;"	v	line:65	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oPF	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oPF = new BxDolProfileFields($this->aArea);$/;"	v	line:66	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oTemplate	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->oTemplate = $oMain->_oTemplate;$/;"	v	line:63	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
oZ	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $oZ = new BxDolAlerts($/;"	v	line:316	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::sendSystemAlerts
origImagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $origImagePath = $profileCoverImgDatas['bg_image_path'];$/;"	v	line:135	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
pageView	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $pageView = new BxDolPageView('profile');$/;"	v	line:56	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
path	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $path = $photoModule->_oConfig->getFilesPath() . $iId . str_replace('{ext}', $sExt, $photoModule->_oConfig->aFilePostfix[$sType]);$/;"	v	line:2549	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
photoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $photoAlbumsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberFileAlbumCount($profileId, 'bx_photos');$/;"	v	line:1356	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
photoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $photoAlbumsCount = ($photoAlbumsCount['count'] > 0) ? $photoAlbumsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1357	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
photoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $photoAlbumsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1353	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPhotoAlbumsDatas
photoModule	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $photoModule = BxDolModule::getInstance('BxPhotosModule');$/;"	v	line:2542	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
photoModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $photoModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('photos');$/;"	v	line:1045	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
pollModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $pollModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('poll');$/;"	v	line:1147	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
pollsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $pollsCount = $this->oDb->getPollsCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1549	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
pollsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $pollsCount = ($pollsCount['count'] > 0) ? $pollsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1550	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
pollsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $pollsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1547	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberPollDatas
processAsAction	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^    function processAsAction($aModule, &$aRequest, $sClass = "Module") {$/;"	m	line:19	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest	access:public
profileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverDatas = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($profileId);$/;"	v	line:156	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions
profileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverDatas = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($profileId);$/;"	v	line:368	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverTopContents
profileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverDatas = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($this->loggedId);    $/;"	v	line:126	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::repositionBackground
profileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverDatas = $this->oDb->getCoverDataByProfileId($profileId);$/;"	v	line:296	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
profileCoverDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverDatas = $this->oDb->getCoverDataByProfileId($profileId);$/;"	v	line:400	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverDatas
profileCoverImageDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $GLOBALS['oEBProfileCoverHelper']->profileCoverImageDir = '/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/profile_covers/';$/;"	v	line:203	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::getHelper
profileCoverImageUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->profileCoverImageUrl = BX_DOL_URL_ROOT . 'modules/EmmetBytes/emmetbytes_profile_cover/images/profile_covers/';$/;"	v	line:60	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
profileCoverImgDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverImgDatas = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($profileId);$/;"	v	line:134	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
profileCoverImgDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverImgDatas = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($this->loggedId);$/;"	v	line:552	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas
profileCoverImgDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverImgDir = $this->profileCoverImageDir . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:169	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
profileCoverImgDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverImgDir = $this->profileCoverImageDir . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:80	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
profileCoverImgOrigDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileCoverImgOrigDir = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'orig_' . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:173	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
profileCoverImgOrigDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileCoverImgOrigDir = $this->profileCoverImageDir . 'orig_' . $imageName;$/;"	v	line:170	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
profileData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileData = $this->oDb->getCoverDataByProfileId($loggedId);$/;"	v	line:521	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
profileData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileData = $this->oDb->getCoverDataByProfileId($loggedId);$/;"	v	line:588	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
profileDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileDatas = array($/;"	v	line:304	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendPopupDatas
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:1701	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:1767	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:1846	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:1910	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:1980	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = $alertParams['profile_id'];$/;"	v	line:2316	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::alert
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:133	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = $this->loggedId;$/;"	v	line:155	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBackgroundMenuOptions
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = (!$memberInfo['Couple']) ? $memberInfo['ID'] : $memberInfo['Couple'];$/;"	v	line:1295	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getFriendContainer
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:2454	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getProfileCover
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileId = getID($_GET['ID']);$/;"	v	line:345	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCover
profileId	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $profileId = $_POST['profile_id'];$/;"	v	line:159	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionGetFriendPopupDatas
profileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileInfo = getProfileInfo($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1574	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
profileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileInfo = getProfileInfo($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1605	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberEventDatas
profileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileInfo = getProfileInfo($profileId);$/;"	v	line:2408	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberName
profileInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profileInfo = getProfileInfo($profileId);$/;"	v	line:772	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberInformations
profilePhotoName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profilePhotoName = $profilePhotoUrlList[sizeof($profilePhotoUrlList) - 1];$/;"	v	line:2544	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
profilePhotoUrlList	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $profilePhotoUrlList = split('/', $profilePhotoUrl);$/;"	v	line:2543	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
queryParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $queryParams = array($/;"	v	line:497	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
queryParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $queryParams = array($/;"	v	line:573	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
rImageHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $rImageHeight = $imageParams['resized_image_height'];$/;"	v	line:2267	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
rImageWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $rImageWidth = $imageParams['resized_image_width'];$/;"	v	line:2266	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::resizeImage
relationshipSelection	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $relationshipSelection = $this->generateSelectContainer($relationshipVals, 'relationship', 'ebytes_profile_cover_relationship_select');$/;"	v	line:2035	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipForm
relationshipStatus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $relationshipStatus = $_POST['relationship'];$/;"	v	line:1984	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
relationshipStatus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $relationshipStatus = $profileInfo['RelationshipStatus'];$/;"	v	line:779	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberInformations
relationshipStatus	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $relationshipStatus = $this->oDb->getRelationshipStatus();$/;"	v	line:2029	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipForm
relationshipVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $relationshipVals = array('' => _t('_FieldCaption_RelationshipStatus_Edit'));$/;"	v	line:2030	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipForm
relationshipValsTemp	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $relationshipValsTemp = explode("\n", $relationshipStatus[0]['Values']);$/;"	v	line:2031	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipForm
removeBackgroundProfileCover	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function removeBackgroundProfileCover($id){$/;"	m	line:88	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
removeFriend	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function removeFriend($friendId){$/;"	m	line:243	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
removeImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function removeImage($imagePath){$/;"	m	line:2305	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
removeProfileCoverBackground	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function removeProfileCoverBackground(){$/;"	m	line:132	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
removed	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $removed = $this->oDb->removeBackgroundProfileCover($profileCoverImgDatas['id']);$/;"	v	line:150	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::removeProfileCoverBackground
repositionBackground	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function repositionBackground(){$/;"	m	line:125	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
resizeImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function resizeImage($imageParams){$/;"	m	line:2260	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
resizeImageParams	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $resizeImageParams = array($/;"	v	line:512	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
resized	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $resized = $this->imageResize($profileCoverImgDir, $this->backgroundWidth, $this->backgroundHeight);$/;"	v	line:83	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
resized	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $resized = $this->imageResize($profileCoverImgDir, $this->thumbnailWidth, $this->thumbnailHeight);$/;"	v	line:175	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
retVal	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $retVal = $this->saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas($_POST);$/;"	v	line:117	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitBackgroundImage
retVal	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $retVal = array_merge($retVal, $profileCoverImgDatas);$/;"	v	line:558	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas
retVal	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $retVal = $this->getProfileCoverDatas($this->loggedId);$/;"	v	line:541	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
retVal	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $retVal = array($/;"	v	line:553	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cancelProfileCoverBgImgDatas
returnVal	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $returnVal = array($/;"	v	line:597	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $returnVals = array($/;"	v	line:178	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                $returnVals = array($/;"	v	line:86	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $returnVals = array($/;"	v	line:234	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::friendRequest
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $returnVals = array('has_error' => false, 'error' => '',);$/;"	v	line:101	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::checkBackgroundImage
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $returnVals = array('has_error' => false, 'error' => '',);$/;"	v	line:191	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::checkAvatarImage
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $returnVals = array();$/;"	v	line:162	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpAvatar
returnVals	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $returnVals = array();$/;"	v	line:72	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::submitTmpBackground
sClassRequire	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/request.php	/^        $sClassRequire = $aModule['class_prefix'] . $sClass;$/;"	v	line:21	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverRequest::processAsAction
sContent	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^        $sContent = call_user_func_array (array($this, $aMenu[$sUrl]['_func']['name']), $aMenu[$sUrl]['_func']['params']);$/;"	v	line:136	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionAdministration
sCss	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $sCss = $this->oMain->_oTemplate->addCss('wall_post.css', true);$/;"	v	line:2365	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
sCss	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sCss = '';        $/;"	v	line:2363	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
sExt	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sExt = substr($profilePhotoName, $sPointPos + 1);$/;"	v	line:2547	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
sFilterName	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain.php	/^        $this->sFilterName = 'emmet_bytes_profile_cover_filter';$/;"	v	line:22	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain::EmmetBytesProfileCoverPageMain
sImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^            $sImage = $aImage['no_image'] ? '' : $aImage['file'];$/;"	v	line:45	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
sImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $sImage = '';$/;"	v	line:41	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::unit
sKey	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sKey = substr($profilePhotoName, 0, $sPointPos);$/;"	v	line:2546	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
sLangCategory	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/langs/en.php	/^$sLangCategory = 'EmmetBytes ProfileCover';$/;"	v	line:7
sPointPos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sPointPos = strrpos($profilePhotoName, '.');$/;"	v	line:2545	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getDolphinProfilePhotoDir
sQuery	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sQuery = "INSERT INTO `sys_friend_list` SET $/;"	v	line:257	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::addFriend
sRet	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^        $sRet = '<table class="emmet_bytes_profile_cover_fields">';$/;"	v	line:97	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate::blockFields
sTextAction	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sTextAction = _t($languages[$aEvent['action']]);$/;"	v	line:2353	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
sTextWallObject	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sTextWallObject = 'test wall object';$/;"	v	line:2354	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getWallPost
sUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^            $sUrl = 'settings';$/;"	v	line:133	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule::actionAdministration
saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas($datas){$/;"	m	line:489	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
sendEmailNotification	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function sendEmailNotification($emailNotificationParams){$/;"	m	line:326	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
sendSystemAlerts	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function sendSystemAlerts($alertParams){$/;"	m	line:314	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
serviceGetProfileCover	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function serviceGetProfileCover(){$/;"	m	line:166	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
serviceGetSpyData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function serviceGetSpyData(){$/;"	m	line:174	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
serviceGetSpyPost	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function serviceGetSpyPost($sAction, $iObjectId, $iSenderId, $aExtraParams){$/;"	m	line:179	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
serviceGetWallData	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function serviceGetWallData(){$/;"	m	line:184	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
serviceGetWallPost	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule.php	/^    function serviceGetWallPost($aEvent){$/;"	m	line:189	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverModule	access:public
sexPicDir	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sexPicDir = str_replace(BX_DOL_URL_ROOT, BX_DIRECTORY_PATH_ROOT, $sexPicUrl);$/;"	v	line:1015	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getThumbnailEmptySexPic
sexPicUrl	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $sexPicUrl = $GLOBALS['oFunctions']->getSexPic($aProfile['Sex'], 'medium');$/;"	v	line:1014	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getThumbnailEmptySexPic
siteModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $siteModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('sites');$/;"	v	line:1164	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
soundAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $soundAlbumsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberFileAlbumCount($profileId, 'bx_sounds');$/;"	v	line:1429	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
soundAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $soundAlbumsCount = ($soundAlbumsCount['count'] > 0) ? $soundAlbumsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1430	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
soundAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $soundAlbumsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1427	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSoundAlbumsDatas
soundsModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $soundsModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('sounds');$/;"	v	line:1079	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
srcX	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcX = $imageParams['src_x'];$/;"	v	line:2246	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
srcX	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcX = abs($datas['x_pos']);$/;"	v	line:493	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
srcX	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcX = abs($formData['x_pos']);$/;"	v	line:569	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
srcY	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcY = $imageParams['src_y'];$/;"	v	line:2247	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
srcY	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcY = abs($datas['y_pos']);$/;"	v	line:494	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::saveProfileCoverBgImgDatas
srcY	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $srcY = abs($formData['y_pos']);$/;"	v	line:570	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::insertAvatar
status	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $status = $alertParams['status'];$/;"	v	line:2317	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::alert
storeModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $storeModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('store');$/;"	v	line:1198	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
storePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $storePhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:2140	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStorePhotos
storeProductsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $storeProductsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberStoreProductsCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1640	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
storeProductsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $storeProductsCount = ($storeProductsCount['count'] > 0) ? $storeProductsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1641	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
storeProductsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $storeProductsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1637	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberStoreDatas
submitAvatarImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function submitAvatarImage($formData){$/;"	m	line:206	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
submitBackgroundImage	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function submitBackgroundImage($_POST){$/;"	m	line:115	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
submitTmpAvatar	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function submitTmpAvatar($formParams){$/;"	m	line:161	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
submitTmpBackground	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    function submitTmpBackground($formParams){$/;"	m	line:71	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:public
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $success = $this->updateProfile($profileId, $formData);$/;"	v	line:1714	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getHeadlinePopup
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $success = $this->updateProfile($profileId, $formData);$/;"	v	line:1787	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getLocationPopup
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $success = $this->updateProfile($profileId, $formData);$/;"	v	line:1856	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getBirthdatePopup
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $success = $this->updateProfile($profileId, $formData);$/;"	v	line:1920	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getGenderPopup
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^                    $success = $this->updateProfile($profileId, $formData);$/;"	v	line:1989	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getRelationshipPopup
success	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/upgrade_text_files/100to110_upgrade.php	/^    $success = $oDb->getAffectedRows();$/;"	v	line:32
testSample	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/tests/SampleTest.php	/^    public function testSample()$/;"	m	line:6	class:SampleTest	access:public
thumbType	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $thumbType = getParam('sys_member_info_thumb');$/;"	v	line:2508	method:EmmetBytesProfileCover710UpHelper::getUserAvatarDatas
thumbnailFileSize	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->thumbnailFileSize = getParam('emmet_bytes_profile_cover_avatar_size');$/;"	v	line:55	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
thumbnailHeight	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->thumbnailHeight = 166;$/;"	v	line:53	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
thumbnailWidth	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $this->thumbnailWidth = 166;$/;"	v	line:52	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper
tmpImagePath	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $tmpImagePath = $this->profileCoverImageDir . $imgName;$/;"	v	line:2248	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::cropImage
toggleContainerAddonClass	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $toggleContainerAddonClass = 'ebytes_profile_cover_one_line_activity';$/;"	v	line:743	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getProfileCoverBottomContents
topMargin	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $topMargin = ($this->thumbnailHeight - $ih) / 2;$/;"	v	line:965	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberAvatarFullInfo
uninstall	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/install/installer.php	/^    function uninstall($aParams) {$/;"	m	line:31	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverInstaller	access:public
unit	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate.php	/^    function unit ($aData, $sTemplateName, &$oVotingView) {$/;"	m	line:31	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverTemplate	access:public
updateAvatarInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function updateAvatarInfo($params){$/;"	m	line:117	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
updateBackgroundInfo	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb.php	/^    function updateBackgroundInfo($params){$/;"	m	line:74	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDb	access:public
updateProfile	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^    protected function updateProfile($profileId, $formData){$/;"	m	line:2047	class:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper	access:protected
videoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $videoAlbumsCount = $this->oDb->getMemberFileAlbumCount($profileId, 'bx_videos');$/;"	v	line:1398	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
videoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $videoAlbumsCount = ($videoAlbumsCount['count'] > 0) ? $videoAlbumsCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1399	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
videoAlbumsCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $videoAlbumsCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1395	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberVideoAlbumsDatas
videoModuleExist	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $videoModuleExist = $this->moduleExist('videos');$/;"	v	line:1062	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberActivities
websiteCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $websiteCount = $this->oDb->getWebsiteCount($profileId);$/;"	v	line:1571	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
websiteCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^            $websiteCount = ($websiteCount['count'] > 0) ? $websiteCount['count'] : '';$/;"	v	line:1572	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
websiteCount	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $websiteCount = 0;$/;"	v	line:1568	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberSiteDatas
websitePhotos	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $websitePhotos = array();$/;"	v	line:2120	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberWebsitePhotos
whereParam	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $whereParam = $sortParam = $friendsContainer = '';$/;"	v	line:1258	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::getMemberFriends
widthRatio	/media/now/datas/Projects/web/my_works/boonex_projects/boonex_modules/emmetbytes_profile_cover/classes/EmmetBytesProfileCoverHelper.php	/^        $widthRatio = $defaultWidth / $imageSrcWidth;$/;"	v	line:2226	method:EmmetBytesProfileCoverDefaultHelper::imageResize